json_formatter_nextjs/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

FIX: fixing error when handling change on formatter + minor changes

json_formatter_nextjs/README.md, after:

# JSON Formatter Next.js Application

This document outlines the structure and key files of the JSON Formatter Next.js application.

## Application Structure

The application follows the standard Next.js App Router structure.

```
json_formatter_nextjs/
├── src/
│   └── app/
│       ├── page.tsx         # The root page of the application.
│       └── layout.tsx       # The root layout for the application.
├── public/                  # Static assets (images, fonts, etc.)
├── next.config.ts           # Next.js configuration
├── package.json             # Project dependencies and scripts
├── tsconfig.json            # TypeScript configuration
├── eslint.config.mjs        # ESLint configuration
└── postcss.config.mjs       # PostCSS configuration
```

## Key Files and Folders

*   **`src/app/`**: This directory contains the main application code using the Next.js App Router. Pages and layouts are defined within this directory.
*   **`src/app/page.tsx`**: This file defines the root page of the application (`/`). It's the entry point for the main content displayed at the application's base URL.
*   **`src/app/layout.tsx`**: This file defines the root layout that wraps all pages in the application. It's used for setting up the basic HTML structure, including `<html>` and `<body>` tags, and can include elements like headers, footers, or navigation that persist across pages.
*   **`public/`**: This folder is used for static assets that need to be served directly by the web server. Files placed here are accessible from the root of the application (e.g., `/images/fog.jpeg` would map to `json_formatter_nextjs/public/images/fog.jpeg`).
*   **`next.config.ts`**: This file allows you to configure various aspects of your Next.js application, such as environment variables, headers, redirects, and more.
*   **`package.json`**: This file lists all the project's dependencies and defines scripts for common tasks like starting the development server (`npm run dev`), building the application (`npm run build`), and running linters or tests.
*   **`tsconfig.json`**: This file is the configuration file for the TypeScript compiler. It specifies compiler options and the files that should be included in the compilation.
*   **`eslint.config.mjs`**: This file configures ESLint, a tool used to identify and report on patterns found in ECMAScript/JavaScript code, with the goal of making code more consistent and avoiding bugs.
*   **`postcss.config.mjs`**: This file configures PostCSS, a tool for transforming CSS with JavaScript plugins. It's often used for tasks like autoprefixing CSS rules for better browser compatibility.
